c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\Ferramentas.exe.config
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\Ferramentas.exe
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\Ferramentas.pdb
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.Form1.resources
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.exe
c:\users\cedet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.pdb
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Common.dll
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Facility.dll
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketBase.dll
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.WebSocket.dll
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Common.xml
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.Facility.xml
C:\Users\CEDET\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.SocketBase.xml
C:\Users\Douglas.FAMILIA-PC\Google Drive\Automatec\Desenvolvimento\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\bin\Debug\Ferramentas.exe.config
C:\Users\Douglas.FAMILIA-PC\Google Drive\Automatec\Desenvolvimento\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.exe
C:\Users\Douglas.FAMILIA-PC\Google Drive\Automatec\Desenvolvimento\Ferramentas\Ferramentas\obj\Debug\Ferramentas.pdb
